[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Before you
get on to the exercise,
we're gonna talk about one feature that
you'll probably use in this exercise,
maybe, maybe not.
You've seen it before and I was telling
you how ridiculously confusing it was.
But we're gonna go into it just
a little bit just like we're gonna talk
about one-fifth of the actual feature.
So a common pattern we use in JavaScript
or in this program in general is we
like to pluck properties off an object and
create global variables to make it
easy to access them,
then we pass them off somewhere else.
That's called destructuring.
You're mainly doing that.
So a common pattern is at
the top of a function scope.
You pass in some object and
you're like, let me get that property.
Let me get that property right?
That’s very common.
So there's a feature for
that now and you can just do this.
It’s the same as above.
So what this is doing,
it's making a constant called enable,
a constant called id.
And setting it equals to
options.enable and options.id.
So I'm gonna open up Babel just so we
can just play with that a little more so
you can see.
So if I have a object, and
we'll just call it options again.
>> Scott Moss: Right, and then I have
an id property on it, and I have like,
some nums.
What I could do is I can say, I can use
const, I can use var, I can use let.
It doesn't matter as long as we use
some type of variable initialization.
And then I can use the bracket notation.
Again, this is not object literal.
They just ran out of characters and
they're trying to confuse us.
If I just place in the same name of
the expected property of the object
that I'm about to pluck from.
So, options.
>> Scott Moss: I get that value.
So if I console.log(id), I should get one.
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Scott Moss: So
everybody see how that works?
So if you want multiple values,
you would just comma separate it.
So the trick with this is though
that the variable names that
you're doing here have to be the exact
same property names on the object.
But there are some ways
to get around this.
There's some things you can do so
if I said,
say, if I get rid of nums, right?
So now it's there is all nums.
I can actually set up default values so
I could say, well nums=23, all right?
So if I go like this, it’s 23.
It's like a set of a default value just
in case nums doesn't exist an object on
options.
>> Scott Moss: Everybody see that,
all right?
So, another thing is, if you were nested.
So nested.
Here's some more data.
Right, now I want to get
the data property from nested.
What you could do is you come in here and
you say, nested.
And you come in here and
you want the data.
>> Scott Moss: All right, so you just
literally make another object inside
the brackets and
get the property from that.
>> Speaker 2: Is the nested also
defines the constant then too?
>> Scott Moss: No, nested is not there.
[CROSSTALK] It's not there, good question.
>> Speaker 3: So if you also want
it nested, could you do that?
>> Scott Moss: If you
wanted the object nested-
>> Speaker 3: Nested and data.
>> Scott Moss: If you want it nested and
data-
>> Speaker 3: [CROSSTALK] Have to do it
in two lines.
>> Scott Moss: Actually, I don’t know.
Let's check it out, let's see.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
[LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
that's how you do that.
And then also the other one is
if you want to change the names.
So this is cool, but
what if I don't want id to be id?
I want to get the id property,
but I want to call it other.
So now if I go id,
it's like id is not defined but other is.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
it doesn't stop there.
[LAUGH] You can also do this with arrays.
So I have an array of 1, 2, and 3.
I could also say, I want the first and
the second equals,
oops, I guess I should give this a name,
right?
>> Scott Moss: Nums, so
first and second from nums.
And that will give me the first thing and
the second thing in the array.
>> Scott Moss: So if I wanted to skip one
though, I just want to get the last thing
in the array so I just say comma, comma,
and then I'll just call this last.
>> Scott Moss: And
then I get the last thing.
>> Speaker 4: There's no length or
anything?
>> Scott Moss: No, you can’t access, so
the thing on the left is gonna be random
before what's on the right, right?
It's gonna be compiled before
the thing on the right.
It's not actually gonna be executed
because that's not how JavaScript works.
So yeah,
technically I guess you could do it if
the interpreter were to work that way.
But because of the transpiler,
no, you couldn’t.
>> Speaker 4: So you couldn’t
assign a whole set of variable but
another constant to the length of nums,
and
then pass that in to the constant
that you're trying to get last with?
>> Scott Moss: No, cuz these are just
variable names, these aren't expressions.
>> Speaker 4: Sure, right.
>> Speaker 5: What if you don't know
the length, I guess you're SOL?
>> Scott Moss: Yep, SOL.
That's why I don't see too
many using this feature.
Objects make sense but for arrays,
I'm like mm, I don’t know.
I don't see it happening.
>> Scott Moss: Any questions on that?
And the same thing works as far
as like nested with this too.
>> Scott Moss: Let's see.
>> Speaker 6: A couple
questions from online, Scott.
>> Scott Moss: Yo.
>> Speaker 6: Dominic R is wondering
what best practices would you have for
updating an application when state
change happens in a service.
So if your service is
holding onto some data and
multiple different subscribers
would be interested
in different transformations of that data,
I guess.
>> Scott Moss: Yep, mm-hm.
>> Speaker 6: What's going on?
Dominic R is saying that he's had
approaches where he registers an array of
callback functions on the service when
a particular bit of state changes,
those callback function should be called.
But he's wondering if
there's perhaps a better way.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
there are better ways.
I don't spoil it cuz that is exactly
what everybody's about to do.
>> Speaker 6: Okay.
[LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: Just to talk about the ways
that you're not gonna do it, then you can
figure out the ways that you will do.
So, Angular has an eventing
system built into it so
you can do messaging
between stuff in Angular.
So broadcast and what is the other one?
>> Speaker 6: Emit.
>> Scott Moss: Emit, there you go.
I don't know why I drew a blank here.
Yeah, broadcast and emit.
I don't recommend that one.
I only use that one.
I think the only time I've ever used that
one was when I was like using some type of
real time system and there was literally
no other way for me to communicate.
But for 90% of the time,
as far as updating stuff,
objects are passed by reference.
So if you just bind
everything to an object.
>> Speaker 6: Yeah,
that's what I've done in the past as well.
It's usually like if I have
some array of objects, and
I'm showing one of the objects
over here and the array over here,
I would just bind to the same object.
When it updates, it updates in every spot.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, exactly.
So if you keep the same reference to
the op, that's why it's really nice,
the pattern that I showed
you guys with the factory.
Is that if you just bind to that object,
you're fine.
And if for some reason you're not getting
an update, then you'll see on the solution
that I show you how you can force
an update and get the stuff that you want.
So yeah, if you just bind to the object,
you should be fine.
But if you can't, for
some reason that's not working,
use the messaging system
built into Angular.
Just be wary of its performance hindrance.
>> Speaker 6: Use sparingly, kind of.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 6: And the other question
was what are Babel's considerations for
file size once ES2015 is transpiled?
>> Scott Moss: What's the question again?
>> Speaker 6: Sorry, Leif D is wondering
what are Babel's considerations for
file size once ES6 is transpiled.
>> Scott Moss: That's a good question.
I'm not too sure about
I know it has a limit.
And if you wanna see that limit,
if you go into webpack.config and
get rid of node modules and run it,
it'll tell you the limit in the terminal.
Here's the limit, this thing was too big.
I forgot how big it is but it will say it.
I dont know the exact number.
So tell him to do that and he'll see.
>> Speaker 7: [INAUDIBLE] Thanks.